prime number
factorial
fibonacci series
armstrong number

1. 10 Odd numbers after n
2. Print all natural numbers between 1 to n in reverse and add them
3. Multiplication table of any number
4. swap first and last digit of a number
    without using string,list - iterable objects
5. check whether a number is palindrome
    without using string,list - iterable objects


Assignments-1
--------------

1. Write a Python program to print all natural numbers from 1 to n. 
2. Write a Python program to print all natural numbers in reverse (from n to 1).
3. Write a Python program to print all alphabets from a to z.
4. Write a Python program to print all even numbers between 1 to 100. 
5. Write a Python program to print all odd number between 1 to 100.


Assignments-2
-------------
6. Write a Python program to find sum of all natural numbers between 1 to n.
7. Write a Python program to find sum of all even numbers between 1 to n.
8. Write a Python program to find sum of all odd numbers between 1 to n.
9. Write a Python program to print multiplication table of any number.
10. Write a Python program to count number of digits in a number.

Assignments-3
-------------

11. Write a Python program to find first and last digit of a number.
12. Write a Python program to find sum of first and last digit of a number.
13. Write a Python program to swap first and last digits of a number.
14. Write a Python program to calculate sum of digits of a number.
15. Write a Python program to calculate product of digits of a number.

Assignments-4
-------------
16. Write a Python program to enter a number and print its reverse.
17. Write a Python program to check whether a number is palindrome or not.
18. Write a Python program to find frequency of each digit in a given integer.

19. Write a Python program to find power of a each number using for loop.
20. Write a Python program to print all ASCII character with their values.



Assignments-5
-------------
21) Write a Python program to calculate factorial of a number.
22) Write a Python program to find HCF (GCD) of two numbers.
23) Write a Python program to find LCM of two numbers.
24) Write a Python program to check whether a number is Prime number or not.
25) Write a Python program to print all Prime numbers between 1 to n.

Assignment 6:
------------
26) Write a Python program to check whether a number is Armstrong number or not.
27) Write a Python program to print all Armstrong numbers between 1 to n.
28) Write a Python program to print Fibonacci series up to n terms.
29) Write a Python program to print Pascal triangle upto n rows.
30) Star pattern programs - Write a Python program to print the given star patterns.



reverse order of words in string
pallindrome string
every letter after . should be capitalized
add, sub matrix


Create a Student database to perform CRUD operations









Using yield/generator.
w.a.p to generate fibonacci series using yield.





CRUD operations on file.. student data in a file.. read, edit, search, delete operations on file data

readlines() ---> read entire file and gives in a list (each line is an element of a list)
read() ---> read entire file and gives it in a string

readlines() ------ big list.. how can you read on demand to avoid huge list for bigger data in a file.
generator??



devide a input file into 10 equal parts (in size).. also create n number of files
from input file with chunk size of 10bytes





1. CRUD operations on JSON file.
2. Check if the incoming call is from India or not. starts with 0 or +91 and 10digit number validation --> call from India
3. Implement stack using class



